# Begin of my Journey in Artificial Intellegence

This is the first post in my blog, so I decide writing the begin about my path in study AI and this post will be generaly.

## Motivation 

Today with a little skill and experience in development of software we can impact and gain value in the officer, society and life of thounsand people.

The minimal things what I hear about **AI** was detection of object and people in images, self driver cars, find patterns in data to predict future events. I think it's facinating you create a something a little intelligent like human where can change the enviorment.

So I decide, *"I want development software more intelligent and have a better impact in life of people."*

## First Steps

Belive to learning something new you is necessary follow people who study, working and talking about the subject, in the case AI, so I begin search in google and youtube about the theme and I found a lot of content. I'll list 5 tips with help me and can be useful to you.

1. Search and see with this is what you want, its very important to motivate to study day after day.

2. Scheduler time in your day to study, turn off of social media and focus to study always more about AI, this is important to create a habit.

3. When you familiarizing with the topic which want study, try begin free courses, read simple books about the subject and pratice! For example, you can create one sheet where defined the days of study either found something courses to begin, distribute them in your scheduler and be careful for don't overload yourself. Following your development, with something overload your redefine your scheduler. Remember you'll have hard days, but don't give up and persist!!

4. Participate of community to know what happen and talking about, know new people and always be careful for this don't take much your time of study.

5. Finally, share your results with friends of work, create a account on github to show your projects, publish things regularly if can, again if you can't publish in the beggin, keep studying and pratice which in determinate moment the subkect will flowing and you'll writing what learning.

One tipo to self study is the technique: [How to Learn Faster with Feynman Technique (Example Included)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f-qkGJBPts)


## What's AI?

A great definition is:
 
> Artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. In computer science AI research is defined as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is applied when a machine mimics "cognitive" functions that humans associate with other human minds, such as "learning" and "problem solving".
> [Wikipedia - Artificial Intelligence]

AI ins't a new theme, your research begin in 1960s (too old), but happen a boom in 2000s beacuse of amount of data (Big Data) what you can obtein data from everything.

Similiar to other area from Computer Science has many divisions:

- Machine Learning 
- Deep Learning
- Neural Networks
- NPL (Natural Processing Language)
- Vision
- Robots

I want to initiate my journey with Machine Learning and after focus in Deep Learning and Neural Networks, so for now I'll only talk about Machine Learning, in the future writing and play with Deep Learning and share the content with everyone.

## Machine Learning

### What's ML?

> Machine Learning is a subfield of Artificial Intelligence, its goal is to enable computers to learn on their own. A machine's learning algorithm enables it to identify patterns in observed data, build models that explain the world, and predict things without having explicit pre-programmed rules and models.
> [Machine Learning for Humans]

ML have some principals fields and inside each one them have algorithm better for different tasks, these fields are:

#### Supervised Learning

Supervised Learning is basicaly something **regression** or **classifier** based in data set with training examples associated with labels and the result is a data predicted or you classificated.

For example, we have a data set with the emails sent by James and Susan and we want to identify who send email.

#### Unsupervised Learning 

#### Reinforcement Learning

#### But I don't know math

You don't need now math in deep, but in the beggin its recomendade to learning about probability, statistics, linear algebra and after calculus. Those four topics you can learning while you study Machine Learning.

Recentily I read this post, [Learning Math for Machine Learning](https://blog.ycombinator.com/learning-math-for-machine-learning/) this can help you a lot.


## Resources

[Wikipedia - Artificial Intelligence]

[What are the differences between AI, Machine Learning, NPL and Deep Learning](https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2016/09/23/what-are-the-differences-between-ai-machine-learning-nlp-and-deep-learning/#193ae2b9274f) 

[Machine Learning for software engineers](https://github.com/ZuzooVn/machine-learning-for-software-engineers)

[Unsupervised Learning with Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/unsupervised-learning-with-python-173c51dc7f03)

[Supervised vs. Unsupervised Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/supervised-vs-unsupervised-learning-14f68e32ea8d)


[Wikipedia - Artificial Intelligence]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence
[Machine Learning for Humans]:https://medium.com/machine-learning-for-humans/why-machine-learning-matters-6164faf1df12
